n/a                           0  0  ./input/airplane.wbmp     ./wbmpd_output/airplane.ppm        ./reference/airplane_l.ppm	
n/a                           0  0  ./input/animal21.wbmp     ./wbmpd_output/animal21.ppm       ./reference/animal21_l.ppm
n/a                           0  0  ./input/animal24.wbmp     ./wbmpd_output/animal24.ppm       ./reference/animal24_l.ppm
n/a                           0  0  ./input/birds18.wbmp      ./wbmpd_output/birds18.ppm         ./reference/birds18_l.ppm 
n/a                           0  0  ./input/birds20.wbmp      ./wbmpd_output/birds20.ppm         ./reference/birds20_l.ppm 
n/a                           0  0  ./input/birds21.wbmp      ./wbmpd_output/birds21.ppm         ./reference/birds21_l.ppm
n/a                           0  0  ./input/colosseum.wbmp    ./wbmpd_output/colosseum.ppm     ./reference/colosseum_l.ppm
n/a                           0  0  ./input/hangar.wbmp       ./wbmpd_output/hangar.ppm         ./reference/hangar_l.ppm  
n/a                           0  0  ./input/nycint.wbmp        ./wbmpd_output/nycint.ppm          ./reference/nycint_l.ppm 
n/a                           0  0  ./input/panel2.wbmp        ./wbmpd_output/panel2.ppm         ./reference/panel2_l.ppm  
n/a                           0  0  ./input/starship.wbmp      ./wbmpd_output/starship.ppm        ./reference/starship_l.ppm
n/a                           0  0  ./input/toronto.wbmp       ./wbmpd_output/toronto.ppm        ./reference/toronto_l.ppm 

WBMP_E_INT_SCALE_PRESERVE_AR  0  0  ./input/airplane.wbmp     ./wbmpd_output/airplane_s.ppm    n/a	
WBMP_E_INT_SCALE_PRESERVE_AR  0  0  ./input/animal21.wbmp    ./wbmpd_output/animal21_s.ppm    n/a
WBMP_E_INT_SCALE_PRESERVE_AR  0  0  ./input/animal24.wbmp    ./wbmpd_output/animal24_s.ppm    n/a
WBMP_E_INT_SCALE_PRESERVE_AR  0  0  ./input/birds18.wbmp      ./wbmpd_output/birds18_s.ppm     n/a 
WBMP_E_INT_SCALE_PRESERVE_AR  0  0  ./input/birds20.wbmp      ./wbmpd_output/birds20_s.ppm     n/a 
WBMP_E_INT_SCALE_PRESERVE_AR  0  0  ./input/birds21.wbmp      ./wbmpd_output/birds21_s.ppm     n/a
WBMP_E_INT_SCALE_PRESERVE_AR  0  0  ./input/colosseum.wbmp    ./wbmpd_output/colosseum_s.ppm   n/a
WBMP_E_INT_SCALE_PRESERVE_AR  0  0  ./input/hangar.wbmp       ./wbmpd_output/hangar_s.ppm      n/a  
WBMP_E_INT_SCALE_PRESERVE_AR  0  0  ./input/nycint.wbmp        ./wbmpd_output/nycint_s.ppm      n/a 
WBMP_E_INT_SCALE_PRESERVE_AR  0  0  ./input/panel2.wbmp        ./wbmpd_output/panel2_s.ppm      n/a  
WBMP_E_INT_SCALE_PRESERVE_AR  0  0  ./input/starship.wbmp      ./wbmpd_output/starship_s.ppm    n/a
WBMP_E_INT_SCALE_PRESERVE_AR  0  0  ./input/toronto.wbmp       ./wbmpd_output/toronto_s.ppm     n/a 
